share links (#179)
crazyantlabs/sftptogo-docs: docs/getting-started/sharing-files-and-folders.md

---
sidebar_label: 'Sharing files and folders'
title: 'Sharing files and folders'
sidebar_position: 60
---

To share files or folders with others, SFTP To Go offers share links. To ensure security, share links use random strings instead of the actual path to the shared folder or file, and they also provide additional ways to protect access to your data.

## Who Can Share Files?

> By default, only the root account can create share links. To allow other users to create share links, assign them the [Full Access permission](creating-and-modifying-users).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, only the default credentials can create share links. To allow other users to create share links, assign them the [Full Access permission](creating-and-modifying-users).
```

## How to Share a File or Folder Using SFTP To Go

1. Open the file browser (or the web portal).
2. Locate the file or folder you wish to share, click the three-dot menu button, and select `Share`.

:::note
Creating share links is only available in certain plans. Learn more about our pricing plans [here](https://sftptogo.com/pricing).
:::

3. In the dialog box that appears, click the `Publish to web` toggle button.
4. Optionally, adjust permissions for the folder or file (file shares are read-only, while folders can have read-only, read and write, read and write without delete, or write-only permissions).
5. Optionally, set an expiration time for the link. Once expired, the share link will no longer work, but the folder or file remains intact.
6. Optionally, limit the number of accesses to the share. Once this limit is reached, the link is automatically deactivated.
7. Optionally, set a password for the share link. Ensure the password adheres to your organization's password policy.

> 8. Optionally, add notes to describe the purpose of the share.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Optionally, add notes to describe the purpose of the share. Notes will only be visible to those that have permissions to share.
```
